200 million, this young master Qin made a move
It seems that this calmness must be in the bag of the Qin family
Qin Shao is really generous
200 million time
300 million
How dare you snatch it from Young Master Qin?
How brave!
I just don't know if I have the financial resources of the Qin family
Goddamn thing
So arrogant
Don't you forget what we're here for
What kind of money is wasted on this kind of garbage boat auction?
The founding knife of the building
Not just antiques but history
How can someone with ulterior motives take it?
A soft rice eater actually cares about a hero here
You save some poison gas in the back
Dad, he had to invite me
Our whole family should have this strength
350 million
360 million
400 million Qin Shao is worthy of being born into a noble family
It's a foregone conclusion
Take it easy, the price has been capped.
Aren't you crazy?
Go crazy
See, this is the strength of our Qin family
Hahaha
Your Qin family is indeed wealthy.
1 billion
Goddamn thing
We industrialists don't have a billion dollars to let you buy a toy.
Shen Yan, is 1 billion too much?
Okay 1 billion once
What a silly boy
You 30 billion
And take out 1 billion to buy a broken knife
1 billion twice
1 billion three times
It's a deal!
Congratulations to Mr. Shen
Mr. Shen, please come to the stage to pick you up.
Items bought
It's just an appetizer.
Our Qin family still doesn't look down on this kind of garbage
Treasures of Great Summer
In fact, short-sighted people can understand